gaza's civil defense says the levels of
destruction after Israel's bombardment
of B lahia in the north of the strip
defies imagination at least 15
Palestinians were killed in a strike on
a home in Northern Gaza rescue workers
spent hours searching the rubble for
survivors most of the injured are Women
and Children Al jaz's moath Al kahal has
this update from the sight of the attack
on that Residential Building in b lahia
isi strike targeted a residential house
belonging to AB family in beia town as
you can see in the
picture this place or this house used to
be a four floor house used to
accommodate 25 innocent civilians the F
the vast majority of them are children
and women but the Israeli forces don't
differentiate between the innocent
people and the fighters as you can see
in the picture this people accommodated
for 25 innocent civilians the half of
them have been killed and the other half
is in the hospital and they lost most of
their
lmbs civil defense are trying to reach
and pull
out people who have been killed and L
left under the wobble right
now Al nothing G
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz